# Linear Regression Model with and without the sklearn package
PART 1:
To begin building the linear regression model, one will first need to 
import both the pandas and numpy libraries for data manipulation and access to mathematical functions to operate on multi-dimensional arrays.
Following this step, one will need to read in the energy analysis dataset (which I have chosen from the UCI Machine learning website) through the use of pandas library. After this, one will need to store the number of columns in the dataset in a variable called "columns" and then calculate the maximum and minimum values in each column and have them stored in a list. Next, we will focus on normalizing and splitting the dataset into training and test data. Target values are to be placed in y1,y2 list while features are to be stored in x_train list. The x_train list will be concatenated from there. The test data will need to be inputted and be stored into a list called x_test. The user will then need to plug in the values for each of the 8 x-values provided in the dataset (x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8). In other words for instance, for the first row from the dataset, input the values 0.98, 514.5, 294, 110.25, 7, 2, 0,0 to compute a predicted y1 and y2 value.Then, the predicted output will need to be printed out using the formula, ypredicted = ynormal * (maxY - minY) + minY. The model has been built.

PART 2: 
To begin building the linear regression model for part 2, one will need to import the numpy, pandas, matplotlib, sklearn and math libraries. To be specific with the sklearn library, one will need to import the train_test_split, linear_model, LinearRegression, mean_squared_error, and r2_score package. For the math library, one will simply need to import the sqrt package. After this, the user will need to import the dataset using the pandas library and one will then need to pre-process the dataset by dropping any NA values to be specific.To go further, one should split the dataset, where 80% of the data is training data while 20% of the data is testing data. One should then create a variable called reg to start training a linear regression model. One should then print out the regression coefficient and intercept value. Next, focus on building a prediction y value for both the training and testing data. Using the sqrt function, square root the mean square error for the training data to receive the training error value and perform same process for testing data to receive the testing error value. Lastly, one should then compute the r2 score and the mean squared error value. The model has been built.
